tiup: add 3 docs mirror-init/mirror-rotate/cluster-patch (#5310)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-component-cluster-patch.md

    - Run `tar xf /tmp/${component}-${version}-${os}-${arch}.tar.gz` to unpack the original binary package.
    - Run `find .` to view the file structure in the temporary package directory.
    - Copy the binary files or configuration files to the corresponding locations in the temporary directory.
    - Run `tar czf /tmp/${component}-hotfix-${os}-${arch}.tar.gz *` to pack the files in the temporary directory.
    - Finally, you can use `/tmp/${component}-hotfix-${os}-${arch}.tar.gz` as the `<package-path>` in the `tiup cluster patch` command.

## Options

### --overwrite

- After you patch a certain component (such as TiDB or TiKV), when the tiup cluster scales out the component, TiUP uses the original component version by default. To use the version that you patch when the cluster scales out in the future, you need to specified the option `--overwrite` in the command.
- Data type: `BOOLEAN`
- This option is disabled by default with the `false` value. To enable this option, add this option to the command, and either pass the `true` value or do not pass any value.

### --transfer-timeout

> - When restarting the PD or TiKV service, TiUP first migrates the leader of the node to be restarted to another node. Because the migration process takes some time, you can use the option `--transfer-timeout` to set the maximum waiting time (in seconds). After the timeout, TiUP directly restarts the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When restarting the PD or TiKV service, TiUP first transfers the leader of the node to be restarted to another node. Because the transfer process takes some time, you can use the option `--transfer-timeout` to set the maximum waiting time (in seconds). After the timeout, TiUP directly restarts the service.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- When restarting the PD or TiKV service, TiKV/PD first transfers the leader of the node to be restarted to another node. Because the transfer process takes some time, you can use the option `--transfer-timeout` to set the maximum waiting time (in seconds). After the timeout, TiUP directly restarts the service.
```

- Data type: `UINT`
- If this option is not specified, TiUP directly restarts the service after waiting for `300` seconds.

> **Note:**
>

> > If TiUP directly restarts the service after the timeout, the service performance may jitter.

Author: I think "跳过等待" here does not actually mean skipping the waiting time. Even if this option is not specified, TiUP still waits for 300 seconds by default (see L44). 

Here's my understanding of the note:
If the migration of the leader node has not finished within the waiting time, TiUP directly restarts the service, and because TiUP directly restarts the service before the migration of the leader node finishes, the service performance might jitter.

> > If TiUP directly restarts the service after the timeout, the service performance may jitter.

Reviewer 2: 在滚动重启 TiKV 的过程中，会有 transfer leader 的阶段，如果 transfer leader 没有结束就强制重启了 TiKV，可能会性能抖动，但是 TiKV 并不保证在多久之内一定 transfer 完所有 leader，所以这里的 timeout 是说 tiup 等多久 tikv transfer leader，如果这个时间过去了还没搞定，就直接重启不等了。所以 @CharLotteiu 你的理解没问题。

> > If TiUP directly restarts the service after the timeout, the service performance may jitter.

Author: ```suggestion
> If TiUP directly restarts the service after the timeout, the service performance might jitter.
```

### -N, --node

> - Specifies nodes to be replaced. The value of this option is a comma-separated list of node IDs. You can get the node ID from the first column of the [cluster status table](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-display.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies nodes to be replaced. The value of this option is a comma-separated list of node IDs. You can get the node ID from the first column of the [cluster status table](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-display.md) returned by the `tiup cluster display` command.
```

- Data type: `STRINGS`
- If this option is not specified, TiUP does not select any nodes to replace by default.

> **Note:**
>
> If the option `-R, --role` is specified at the same time, TiUP then replaces service nodes that match both the requirements of `-N, --node` and `-R, --role`.

### -R, --role

> - Specified roles to be replaced. The value of this option is a comma-separated list of the roles of the nodes. You can get the roles of the nodes from the second column of the [cluster status table](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-display.md).

Author: ```suggestion
- Specifies the roles to be replaced. The value of this option is a comma-separated list of the roles of the nodes. You can get the role deployed on a node from the second column of the [cluster status table](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-display.md) returned by the `tiup cluster display` command.
```

- Data type: `STRINGS`
- If this option is not specified, TiUP does not select any roles to replace by default.

> **Note:**
>
> If the option `-N, --node` is specified at the same time, TiUP then replaces service nodes that match both the requirements of `-N, --node` and `-R, --role`.

## --offline

> - Declares that the current cluster is not running. When the option is specified, TiUP does not migrate service leader to another node or restart the service, but only replaces the binary files of cluster components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Declares that the current cluster is not running. When the option is specified, TiUP does not migrate the service leader to another node or restart the service, but only replaces the binary files of cluster components.
```
